[DOCS] Update data streams list screenshots and description of "delete data stream" (#67145)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/data-streams/set-up-a-data-stream.asciidoc

To delete a data stream and its backing indices, open the {kib} menu and go to
*Stack Management > Index Management*. In the *Data Streams* tab, click the

> trash can icon. The availability of the trash icon corresponds to <<security-privileges, security privileges>> of your user role.

Reviewer: Few suggestions:

- Change the original "trash can icon" to "trash icon" for consistency. This will also better align with the Kibana docs.
- I'd explicitly list the privilege needed for the icon to display. It looks like that's just `delete_index`.

```suggestion
trash icon. The trash icon only displays if you have the `delete_index`
<<security-privileges, security privilege>> for the stream.
```
